all right
hello everyone welcome to this very
special edition of
sasser university i'm beyond excited
we're actually doing this
as a live recording of the official
sasser podcast as well
um so very excited to have with us today
naomi rosenfeld she's the vp of revenue
wakes answers we're gonna be chatting
today on how to execute a winning
self-service strategy and since naomi is
new to
the sasser community she's a new voice
she's been
a fan for a while so i'm excited we can
finally get her
to one of our events naomi introduce
yourself a bit to our audience if you
don't mind
yeah thank you amelia it's really great
to be here obviously as an
ex-entrepreneur myself or still really
that entrepreneur at heart um
obviously no saster and very well known
for you know the saster community that
you guys provide so
it's great to be here i think it's also
great to come and you know talk today
about something that's uh
um a very much debated and you know um
just topic among companies of how to do
self-service especially during these
times so i'm really happy to be here
um just just a couple of words i think
as well because uh there's often this
confusion of like wicks and wicks
answers especially for you know
in the sas space right wix is very well
known as the successful b2c company that
has to do with web
you know online web presence and what
does that have to do with self-service
so just a couple of words on that so um
everybody who's
listening in can just uh understand a
little bit more about what
what we do so you know interesting story
wix answers is actually like an in-house
platform
that we developed first and foremost for
ourselves uh to support our users at wix
um wix itself is a very sas centric
company very product driven was
growing at a very fast rate and we just
needed a way to communicate with all of
our
users but more than that just to kind of
capture that user voice and take it back
to our product teams and marketing and
you know to like really determine what
our roadmap would look like this was
something that was a key strategy for us
from day one
and this was also a very long time ago
uh we looked in the market there were no
solutions and we said you know
uh we're a product company we'll just
start building it interestingly enough
um we'll talk about this shortly it
actually really all started around
knowledge
um and self-service and how do we scale
that
fast forward today i can actually say
that the same challenges that we
faced about 10 years earlier at wix that
we were trying to solve that really kind
of gave wix answers
life within our company are pretty much
the same challenges that are facing a
lot of sas
sas core businesses today whether
they're startups and they're fast
growing or they're more established
businesses so
that's a little bit about wix answers
and uh what we do within the context of
the larger wix
yeah thanks for defining that i know a
lot of folks are obviously familiar with
you know self-service websites many of
you
might be on a wix platform um or
something similar
and i know naomi you're an entrepreneur
too right like before you went to wix
like
explain to us a bit about like your rise
of like being an entrepreneur and then
going you know sort of in-house to wix
because you started as like a
product marketer right and then you sort
of worked your way up from there
yeah so um prior to joining wix i was an
entrepreneur
i was very passionate about that and i
still kind of call myself
an entrepreneur at heart even though
obviously i i look at wix answers pretty
much as like a startup within the larger
wix organization so still pretty much i
can count this one as you know
potentially my third
my third uh my third startup and i would
actually say i was thinking about it um
as well talking about self-service and a
little bit about what wix answers does
you know prior to coming to the
conversation today um
i was thinking back to the early days
when i myself started you know uh two
different startups both within the
travel space something i was always very
deeply passionate about
and there tends to be a lot of pressure
on i think founders and just
entrepreneurs in general when you found
the company and you already like past
the hurdle of finding a co-founder and
then you take your go to market plan
you know you get your c funding you know
you want to obviously like
impress your investors a lot of like
focus is on obviously
and importantly uh product and then
marketing
branding go to market sales all of those
things and i can tell you that
just even speaking for myself probably
the last thing that was on my mind was
thinking about customer support
right um it was one of those things i
said okay we're going to start to get
users we'll get you know obviously
paying customers
and then we'll potentially deal with it
and i think like that's a very
common just misconception or maybe it's
just the way that customer support is
largely received as something that is
really kind of just reactive we're going
to get to that
bridge and then we'll deal with it and i
can say that
post that time only after those two star
i had moved past those two startups and
i came to wix
i started to actually realize that
making that a big part of your core
strategy from day one is really a big
part of what defines
and really can differentiate a great
company from a good one
understanding that customer care or at
least understanding the voice of your
customer from the earliest days that you
have
is a huge impact for your revenue your
growth you know
obviously maintaining a subscription
economy and all of those things that
obviously every entrepreneur is striving
for so yeah
yeah i think uh i mean man we could do a
whole conversation about like
operating a startup within a startup
style coming like within a larger
company
and like you know prioritizing cs at the
start obviously you know
it's tough for folks and i know we're
gonna chat about it in a bit so
i think to kick us off right like
there's a lot of different ways people
define self-service and we do want to
you know get your expertise on how to do
a winning strategy so
give us your definition of it right
because especially for sas companies
there's
the cs portion of it there's like the
knowledge base there's the chat bots
there's
inner like employee knowledge sharing
like give us your definition of it
yeah so i think you're definitely right
uh there's when you think of
self-service sometimes
from a very tactical point of view you
think about it the first thing that kind
of comes to mind is like oh we need a
help center
we need a place for our users to go and
ask questions or maybe we're talking
about
i don't know something on our homepage
popping up and starting to chat with our
users and trying to help them to solve
their issues
i think today like the industry as a
whole has started to shift much more to
understanding that really self-service
is
where the users are at it's not that
expectation that they need to find the
support that they need to find the help
um and dig too much in order to find it
we do know that today for almost
you know for for the one out of ten
users that actually does escalate and
start talking to one of your customer
care reps
opens a ticket takes the time to write
about it that 10
of your users that do it the other 90
don't
and self-service is really being like
that point of how do you bring it to the
users and how do you enable them to find
you know their own answers and to
resolve their own issues as quickly and
easily as possible i mean
the best way to think about that is just
think of yourself in any kind of user or
consumer situation
the last thing you want to do is start
emailing a company or waiting on the
call or like
fighting with chatbots to get a human
involved you really want to just be able
to solve it especially when it comes to
like
sas centric products where i think like
the user base as well has that
expectation that
you know you want to be able to find
answers and solve things as quickly as
possible so
self-service i think encapsulates
everything from obviously like the
knowledge but how does that layer sit as
well
on top of your funnel and reaches all
the way down to like the agent who's
actually doing the reply to the user so
um it really is kind of like that top
down
uh view rather than just like let's fix
a specific part of our funnel and call
that self-service
yeah so let's let's dig into that more
right so like when
let's just start at the beginning if
folks are starting out and they do
let's say a knowledge base first right
like what i think is
what are your important i guess advice
pieces of advice really keep in mind
like when they're starting and when do
you think people should start out right
like
do you think it's ever too early or you
think people should just start day one
well i i guess i'm biased right now but
i think people should definitely start
uh from day one although of course on
the other it's always a fine balance
right uh
you need to understand what's the point
where obviously a customer needs and
wants to speak with somebody
it also depends largely on the business
model uh you know to really understand
how to do knowledge management strategy
you have to start looking
at a few things right you need to define
like what are really your business goals
how and where are you going to be
customer-centric right
like what are your kpis and what do you
need to obviously like deliver on
um if you're super small you're probably
not even looking at optimizing
operational efficiency because probably
like the ceo and the cto
and um the product guy are all taking
you know
they're all answering the questions
that's how like that's the truth of
startups and that's the way that it
should be so to come and say to startup
hey you guys need to have a knowledge
base when maybe you have i don't know 50
or 100 or a thousand customers maybe
should be spending more time talking to
them
rather than necessarily deflecting them
and obviously the larger the company
gets more uh the support obviously gets
more complex and that's where you
obviously need to as a business goal
start to look at operational efficiency
right uh consent
call centers in general and contact
centers today are known to be
you know huge cost centers for companies
so self-service is a huge part of that
and i think once you define your
business goals then obviously you can
break it down into like what are your
knowledge management
goals as well like what are we trying to
solve are we trying to um increase
customer satisfaction
are we trying to help users obviously
find their answers quickly more quickly
are we trying to reduce like just the
manual labor of repeating and doing
repetitive tasks that our agents could
be better putting the automation
yeah right yeah so i think like that's
definitely
um a big part of like how do you just
start really tackling this
yeah i think um you know when i think
that's a good point for folks and when
they're starting out right should
where do you think they should start do
you think it should be a knowledge base
first and then a chat bot because i know
chatbots can be pretty tough to set up
sometimes right and like that that a
that balance
between person and ai is also really
interesting it's like
obviously you want to make it easier for
folks to find an answer but you don't
want to frustrate them to your point
right of like
how can i get to an agent right you know
i think it's
less of an occurrence these days to
really call you know your bank and be
like how can i just speak to a live
a representative like that's such a bad
that's such a bad example of
self-service like how can people get it
right
uh at the start it's so
you know it's a good question right like
where do you start right because
tackling self-service is massive it goes
back to what i said it's really not just
one part of your funnel it's looking at
that entire funnel then understanding
how do you obviously answer the users
that need that answering how do you find
the users that you want obviously want
to escalate today we hear a lot of like
hypeboards in the industry you know we
hear a lot about
chat bots and i talk to companies like
oh we hear so much about ai
and you know these are all a lot of
buzzwords but like let's break it down
for a second right
you know chatbots are great in and of
themselves
but that's something that has to work
obviously with the technology that
balances that user's journey
right or that way that they can move
across your product
or you know have that user experience a
product like the chat bot in and of
itself i think
probably most people like tuning in
today have experienced that to a certain
extent i know i have recently
um talking to a body they're everywhere
like they're everywhere and you're like
i just
speak to human because the solutions
that you're giving me are not helpful
and you're like no
no no and the chatbot's like okay yes
yes yes so i was happy to resolve your
issue thank you and goodbye
and that's i think an example of a lot
of what companies struggle with is right
how do you take a lot of the technology
that's out there
but then put it in a way that that can
that that can really balance
so you're asking as well about ai ai can
start with anything from
let's look at the top part right so um
ai on search
how do i understand better than intent
of my users and what they're looking for
and optimize it right
ai can also sit across automation like
how do i make sure that
the right agents with the right
expertise are also getting
the right tickets that they need to deal
with and then all the way from like the
ground up
the actual customer care agent that is
getting that ticket and needs to answer
the user
how do you make sure that they have the
right context in front of them right how
do you
make sure that they have the right
answer so it's so multi-layered and i
think
like that just needs to shift from more
like let's you know talking about these
buzzwords and more really just
understanding
how and where you want to move the
needle within your organization what are
you trying to solve
try and answer that first and then work
it work backwards to that and then see
how that technology fits into it
rather than like you know i need chat
bots i need ai and like trying to get
everything to work
or that usually just hurts your your
users and it really just kind of hurts
your funnel
yeah no i think you know obviously a lot
of the the folks are on today who have
either experimented or like have their
own
chatbots right i think it's important
for them to keep in mind like
something you and i chat about on like
the prep for the session and i want to
make sure we head on
um for folks is like you you said the
thing that was so
so insightful right it's like the chat
box the knowledge base anything you do
that self-service is only as good as the
inputs you feed it right so like
how how can folks get their inputs right
because
to your point you just mentioned right
like the the bot's only going to hurt
you if there's not
the right information and if it can't
escalate to a person or your rep isn't
armed with the right response for what
the customer is asking
then it sort of it lowers your it hurts
you it it hurts
it hits your nps score like poorly right
like so how did
folks like really set themselves up for
that structure of getting their inputs
right
yeah you know i was doing a webinar with
deloitte
um a little while back and we were
talking a lot about self-service
it's it's a really big topic and i think
that companies big or small
struggle in terms of understanding how
do you really kind of like
win at it and something that was you
know something as small as for example
saying we have our own internal
knowledge right anytime you have
support agents or customer care facing
team you already have knowledge in place
for them right you're training them on
how to talk to
your users you're telling them what to
say how to help you know your users or
your customers resolve their issues
and then sometimes it seems like such a
big gap to take that internal knowledge
and then just take that externally to
your customers so something so small is
just like how to help companies to get
that knowledge play get going
it's just take look at what that
knowledge that you've created internally
whether it's cross-organizationally or
just even for your agents themselves
and then just customize it just a little
bit and make that more customer-facing
right so it's kind of like how do you
overcome
you know this really big challenge of
taking a lot of that forward i think
sometimes it can just be like
something is simple something as simple
as that
yeah and a little bit about the
challenges i know we talked a lot about
i know yeah yeah let's um let's dive
into
the challenges right because i think one
of them i wanted to ask to get your like
feedback on how to avoid this challenge
right
um we've mentioned a few so far i think
starting out can be
can be tough is there a challenge on
ever like do you think there's
information
we should hold back right as businesses
like do you ever feel like there's
like it can be a challenge there's too
much information for
for customers right and sometimes they
can get overwhelmed by self-service
because there's
almost too much at their fingertips that
they can find
i don't think it's so much as like too
much information versus the wrong
information which could be really really
frustrating
frustrating and as general also as like
just an ex-entrepreneur and you know
like
somebody also who you know marketing was
always something that was definitely in
my background as well i definitely
believe that you know the more
transparent companies are with their
customers the better it is right like
there's always like this fine line of
like how much do we hold back and how
much do we not i think also presenting
the fact that we're human
um and sometimes we get things wrong or
sometimes we don't always have all the
answers but we want to help
goes a much longer way rather than
obviously sending the user to the wrong
place without being able to provide them
with that kind of answer from just a
company um human centric like i cannot
really understand
my users uh my user's point of view in
general i think the most frustrating
thing is that the user spends time
looking for something
only to find that they reach the dead
end and now they need to escalate that
so trying to make sure that you get the
right information to the right users and
and like i said
it's a big topic right i sit with a lot
of companies and we talk about and
they're like okay we have knowledge but
we don't really know how to optimize it
or i will speak with smaller companies
they'll be like we don't really know how
to get started
for the smaller ones a lot of times
it'll just be like start
by creating just really high level
categories just try to tackle that
map out the things you want to
communicate and then build it from that
right
from the larger scale companies that you
sit with it's just more like just look
at your knowledge
like just look at some of the kpis like
what for example
which one of your articles is creating
the modern amount of escalations right
what is content that people are
searching for that they're not finding
what are search terms that you're not
really understanding what your users
want and they're causing great deal
frustration
so um yeah like i think it's really kind
of looking at those
those things as well um yeah
yeah some of the challenges you and i
were chatting about right like so the
first one is like
this governance idea which i think is
really interesting of like
who owns what within the business right
because
at the end of the day customer success
and
self-service as a tool to like succeed
at it is
it's everyone's it's everyone's
responsibility in the org right so like
how do you how do you think about the
governments of who owns
who owns what as like a challenge to
knowledge
right so there yeah you it's great that
you remind me of that uh there's
there's definitely like three things
that i i think are a common recurring
theme when it comes to like the
challenges
regarding knowledge management
regardless of company size right
there's really like that governance like
you just mentioned um
i think there's also technology
restraints or just technology challenges
in terms of we don't have the right set
of tooling
and then also it's more like a lack of
motivation right um
let's start really quickly with
obviously like the governance right
knowledge is something that's shared
across many different
departments organizations teams within
within the company
and oftentimes it's really hard to find
like who is that really single owner
that can actually
take this and initiate that on top of
that also add the challenge that in many
times
uh knowledge is not perceived as a
priority within the company there are
many other ways that companies try
to provide customer support um there's a
high
you know operational inefficiency um but
the answer sometimes is really clear in
terms of knowledge but there's usually
no executive buy-in i can say i've
talked to a lot of like
c levels and companies and sometimes the
last thing that they're thinking is like
hey
we really need to just get more
knowledge centric in the way that we're
doing things to help our agents to help
our users to help like
obviously um our customer uh care
um to improve yeah the second thing
would be just tooling we hear about it
all the time
um companies just saying it's like
difficult it's clunky
um it's complex i need developers to get
it up and running which by the way like
just you know side note
at wix answers that's something that
we're we're really really
changing right it's something that is
empowering and
enables any department within an
organization to go
up and create a knowledge base within
minutes right um either internally or
externally and to be able to provide
you know an easy intuitive and very by
the way ai
knowledge centric um approach for their
users um in a way that make sure that
you're really hearing them and what they
need
and i think the the last thing is also
just the motivation of it like we talked
about a little bit earlier it just feels
like a big mountain to climb
and there's usually no there's usually
just an overwhelming feeling of like how
do we really start
tackling it this which is why i gave
some examples that were just more like
how to just overcome some of those
initial challenges that you might be
feeling
yeah so who's a good who's a good leader
in the c suite for this right because
obviously we chatted about how it sits
in a few different places like
in your mind who should really like take
this at the helm because obviously yeah
you know especially at the early stage
there's a lot of like overarching goals
at the companies right we got to get
leads we got to get more customers we
got to reduce churn like
this is one way to do that so like who
should really be in charge of
prioritizing it in your mind
i think more than prioritizing it it's
more about just getting that executive
buy-in
um that's why i oftentimes say like you
know go talk to your ceo go talk to ceo
most of the times it's gonna fall there
right because any company that doesn't
care about obviously its customers you
know there's a bigger question of like
obviously what their
what their growth and obviously how
they're going to um
just succeed in general when you're not
really looking at your customers so
i say go and get them obviously is kind
of that champion is that executive
buy-in
if you can actually show that there's a
better way for you to reduce
costs for your contact center provide
your users with
a much better faster way to find their
answers increase retention and obviously
we all know that revenue is directly
related to the way you
um talk to your customers the way you
listen to them the way you collect that
and obviously build a better product at
the end of day especially for sas
companies
i always find it hard to believe that
any ceo or ceo that is looking at this
from like the top
down wouldn't care about something like
that
yeah we don't want to do it yeah yeah
yeah no that makes that makes total
sense and so like how
how big is your your team at wix that's
like handling the self-service and
knowledge
oh we're really big team right now uh
wix is a very unique case
uh we are very very customer centric uh
and i would say that probably today a
very significant part of
wix's uh head count are can be
attributed to like the wix customer care
it's not something new this is something
that's been always around in terms of
how we approached our our customers and
obviously when you have millions and
millions of those you know over 170
million uh users
if you don't find ways to be efficient
and if you don't find ways to empower
users to find their own answers
um there's no way that you're going to
be able to match for any head count in
the world to make sure that you support
every user so
for us going back to like what i said
earlier everything really started around
knowledge right it was knowledge in
terms of making sure that um
users had what they needed um but still
even today we have a very very large
customer care team um
but for the most part we really focus on
making sure that our users
anywhere that they are in the funnel
that we meet them that they can really
feel empowered to solve their own uh
their own issues or their own problems
that they're experiencing at that moment
in time
yeah what's your guys's um i just wanted
to ask you this to someone who's
implemented some you know knowledge
bases chatbots before
um what's your escalation process right
when and there's a related question from
the audience so like
what's your escalation process when a
user asks a question
that's not already in right let's say
the knowledge base
and the agent doesn't have an answer
like what does that
look like and do you ever feel like
there's like what do you have your reps
do when they don't know the answer
that's a really good question um i can
probably imagine that somebody from like
the contact center would probably be
able to answer this you know much more
accurately
because i i don't wanna i don't wanna
come off pretending that i've ever
managed like a support team
um i obviously talk more to like the
leaders and the companies that really
like evoke this change um like i said
transparency
um a lot of times just saying like hey
we really don't know um but we're really
we're looking into it and this matters
and
um being really timely i think you know
we talked about a little bit
you and i as well uh prior to this
conversation about you know
we're all kind of tired of saying the
new normal but you know let's let's be
honest like
obviously 2020 brought a huge focus in
terms of customer centricity
um you know self-service which was
always like a hot topic became even
hotter
um everybody was just trying to and
tackle that so
i would say just being transparent and
honest going back a little bit to the ai
piece
um this is exactly where that can help
right you want to make sure that
the right tickets are getting to the
right agents and that the agents are
empowered to answer those questions and
basically ai can do a really good job
with
that once you obviously have that real
time data and all that knowledge in
place so
um that's exactly what we do like as a
platform
um when we're working with companies so
that's exactly those kind of challenges
that we're trying to
avoid from day one for them yep yeah i
think
um you know being transparent doesn't it
doesn't hurt right and just making sure
there's
there's a system to follow up with that
folks those folks because it's
i feel like it's always good to be
transparent but you also don't want to
leave that
person hanging right like them they
never get an answer like this almost
i know you um you chatted about
something i wanted to touch on too like
you guys have a ton of customers right
so you're doing this yourselves as well
like
what are some of the we've chatted about
the new normal like
and people making knowledge whether it's
via knowledge base whether it's via live
chat whether it's escalating you to a
person
right like what are you seeing is like
the next evolution of that because i do
feel like many folks had to like adopt
really fast in 2020 right and launch a
lot of what you're saying
it's like where do you see this sort of
evolving in 2021 where the world is
kind of going back kind of not going
back depends on what part you're in
right and you guys service people
globally like
what are what are you seeing out there
i don't see people going back um
interesting that you should ask that
we just actually i was chatting earlier
with um with a few people as well about
this
uh and it comes up a lot that question i
don't see people going back because i
think
looking at how companies are operating
if you once thought that you couldn't be
remote now that you're scrambling to do
it at a scale of 100 employees
or whether you're doing it on 5 000
employees or i just talked to a company
that had to move somewhere about upward
of 5
000 customer care reps you know
obviously to be remote in 2020 you
started to understand that you can have
operational efficiency that you can make
it work and that you can overcome
challenges i also think that there's
a way of just saying hey now we can also
be a lot more open-minded to
hiring people from different areas that
or
never really thought of uh before so i
don't really see that
going back i hear too much companies
just really kind of embracing
uh this remote and it's kind of like we
figured out the challenges we're ready
here and now we know how to do it let's
just let's just continue
um i would also say just from more the
sas side because this is something that
i'm very close
to and i see it uh you know up close in
front with a lot of companies
that there's also right now like a big
general reception within the industry to
embrace
customer care obviously within your
organization most companies obviously
that
were online were booming um when they
didn't expect it to really anticipate it
and obviously they want to continue that
growth
and that's also put a lot of focus on
the technology aspect of it right
because like let's look it was obviously
customer care which is part of your
organization and it's important
and you obviously need to do that but
then there's also like the technology
aspect and how is the industry evolving
and it's evolving really quickly
and i think more and more companies are
revisiting
their tech stacks and the choices that
they've made
years before and trying to adopt
obviously a lot of these market trends
and um the direction of where things
going is really opening up a lot of
conversations for us when it comes to
like the technology aspect of it
yeah i think that's a good i think
that's a good point you know i want to
i want to make sure we get to some of
this really good audience q a
um so i think as a last maybe the last
question for me
and then we'll go to questions from the
audience right like um
i guess to wrap it up in a bow right
like you've identified a lot of things
to do
to win at self-service right but what is
your biggest takeaway
for how do you really win at
self-service in today's
day and age keeping in mind all the key
considerations you just mentioned
well it depends on how you look at
winning right it depends also from what
angle you're looking at it i think from
the customer point of view you're
winning obviously because you're able
to you're you're empowering your users
to find the answers that they need
um also any company that's dealing right
now with high growth or high scale
you can never really match that with
agents so being able to get really
quickly a good
self-service play into there is only
going to help sustain that growth even
further
um and i would say just simple at that
self-service is probably one of the
quickest ways that you can start to
sustain that growth
a really quick example we were talking
to a company the other day they had to
shut down their contact center
and they don't have an inbound line
anymore because they could not
match the number of agents that they
needed in order to talk and keep up with
all the traffic
that were coming in and it was simple
they're like we need we know we need
self-service we just don't
even know how to get it into place
imagine if they would have that
how many of their customers would have
been able to find what they needed
versus having like their first
interaction with that company is a very
frustrating experience so i think it's
really just self-service and the direct
impact
it's going to have on on the ability to
scale and grow
yeah i was reading these on the other
day it was a sales company that
said they had such a high influx of
of you know what you're saying right
customers coming to them
um they got an overwhelming amount of
calls in
2020 just because of the way that their
sas product
was like just suddenly needed by a ton
of folks and they were such proponents
of having
you know they had a knowledge base and
they had live human beings but
i remember they said they like literally
stopped taking new customers
for a month because they wanted to make
sure that they could get the
self-service
and the knowledge center and the
knowledge bases and knowledge sharing
right first that they ought they
literally like
stopped taking new customers so that
they could serve their current ones
right
and now they said that it's it was a
hard but almost one of the best things
they've done
because it allowed them the time to
really get it right to really look at
like okay what are we saying to people
to refresh you know what what their
agents are saying what's in the
knowledge base like obviously so much
changed overnight but they had to change
so many of their jobs so much of how
they were doing things that and
you know it's a i think it's just an
important point you mentioned that i
just wanted to
reinforce that it's like taking the time
to do it will save you so much time
later but i know it's hard right when
you're starting especially when you're
starting out to be like
okay how do i prioritize this over new
customers but in the end right it's
something that's
ultimately worth that's ultimately worth
doing it's interesting that you say that
amelia as well because i'm just looking
here i'm having a quick peek as well
some of like the q and a and see that
people are asking as well about like the
platforms and obviously how do you do it
yeah
mobile things like that going back to
that point that we said earlier maybe
there's that want to do it maybe as an
organization
you really realize the need to do
self-service and you don't need that
much convincing but now you're really
struggling right on the technology side
everybody tuning in here i'm assuming
are all really sad centric companies and
we understand the importance of like
product right
um and when you feel that you can't do
that obviously and that you're limited
or there's a high dependency in order to
get a knowledge base up then you're in a
really bad place to even be able to
adapt
and to move really quickly on that front
um and obviously that's something that
we are really really trying to change in
the industry we're trying to change that
entire i need a developer it's got to be
slow
it doesn't need to be like the most
beautiful aesthetic piece of you know
out there we're really trying to reshape
um that with the wix answers knowledge
base and
ideas that anybody and everyone myself
included i don't have a technical
background
can get online like i said tomorrow
you have all of those things like that
ai built out that knowledge centricity
no matter what channel you're going to
connect it to and the beautiful
aesthetics obviously which is a great
plus of being a company within the
larger wix so you can feel proud
you can really feel proud of what your
users are engaging with
and yes you can do it across all apps
mobile
the ideas to meet the user at any point
where they are
um and if you can go to them right like
go to where they want to interact with
you
yeah yeah no i love that i think um and
i really wish we had um
i might have to have you back for a few
of these other points like
self-service this is so big it's really
hard to nail it in like
um at 20 or 30 minutes um so let me let
me
hit a few on these audience questions
before we run out of time
um i think this is a good one that was
sort of earlier in the session right
which is
how do you how do you differentiate
between the solution workflows like
what goes to a knowledge base first
versus what goes to
either a live chat um or a chat bot
like how do you sort of prioritize those
workflows
so you know obviously a chat is a
is a human connection right it means
that you and i are having now a
conversation and if we're having a
conversation then they need to
understand certain things about you and
try to help you solve it in a way that
you can
the things that you can obviously start
directing right away to knowledge would
be everything that has to do with like
the quickest way to solve their problems
and if you're unsure of what those
things are
then just look at the ticket volume that
you're getting and what agents are
constantly repeating themselves on you
either know it consciously or you don't
but with a little bit of digging you'll
find that
and usually that's a really good place
to say okay these are all the things i
need to now move into our knowledge base
okay but then don't forget don't leave
your users hanging create a flow of an
escalation that if the user does land
there and you did manage to bring them
to the right place but for some reason
that didn't help them solve their issue
then escalate that like hey what do you
want to do do you want to call
us do you want to request a call back do
you want to chat with a live agent
um on the chat bot front i've just seen
so many companies get it wrong um and
companies that you'd be surprised like
um companies that i'm rooting for that
i'm a personal
fan yeah and you're like in the middle
of the night you finally found time to
try and return an item and you're like
this should be so simple or like if you
didn't come through and you're like okay
i don't know i'm going to give up
like 13 and whatnot that might be
refunded from from this meal
so just try and revisit some of those
things there's too much there's an
over emphasis to solve things with the
chatbot
rather than trying to make sure that the
user gets to the right yeah and many
times
can but there's a really fine balance we
can probably do a whole other
conversation i know
yeah i know we we um i yeah i think we
might have to um
i'll work it out with you we're gonna
have you back for sure there's so much
more we could
we could do just on that subject alone
right um one question i was thinking
about
while you were chatting on on chat bots
and that answer as well is like
how often do you either see your
customers refreshing
you know their knowledge base um or how
often do you think people should do it
oh i love that you said that so from
what we see
it's usually like there's that internal
championing that we talked about like
let's get this
going like you get governance you
finally have the motivation people are
doing it they understand that it's
important but then it kind of really
quickly becomes like that side project
that nobody really wants to maintain
yeah
and i can say this firsthand from our
own customers who use
wix answers knowledge base today the
ones who understand the importance
of like really optimizing the content
looking at the data
right like don't start big just look at
the data see what users are looking for
where they're falling what you're not
doing what your unanswered searches are
and how many of your knowledge articles
escalated to a ticket like
try and get that context going you will
find yourself
more and more updating your knowledge
base and that goes back by the way to
the ai like
people think that it's just this thing
that's just gonna work right out of the
box but it only is as good as the data
that you feed into it and it's
only as good as your knowledge is and
how you're directing users to right
place
so get those foundational things in
place and then really you're like on a
really great
acceleration to connecting all those
dots between the ai
the the right routing to the right
agents and helping users like solve
their own
their own um you know problems and and
and
just issues that they may be
experiencing yeah because oftentimes
right the
the reps i know a few times i've
contacted folks in the past right like
using their getting escalated to an
agent they they
think back to the knowledge base all the
time right because they can't it's just
a lot for them to explain in real time
so it really acts as a complemental of
like
there's this i remember like chatting
with my
my person at marketo because i was like
i need this really technical thing like
i have a very technical question
can you help me and they're like yeah
you've got to do this but like honestly
like
let's a get you to the right person
right like they were like oh like this
is a super technical question let's make
sure you get to the right person on our
team
who can not only help you know
understand this a bit better right but
also it's going to link you to the right
steps and they were like yeah you've got
to follow this like
step by step and like they're very kind
of explaining to me over chat but
they're like honestly like if you just
follow this
like they're like we made a video before
because obviously this got escalated a
few times so
follow the video here's the article and
like let us know if you have any issues
and i was like yeah that makes sense
right like it acts as a good like almost
as a takeaway of like
what they should do um what they should
do next and then
i got my last question just to wrap it
up right like i don't know are you
are you at all like a proponent of like
customer forums like i know a few folks
like
that's one of their evolutions of
self-service is like well let's get our
customers to almost do it for us
right like let's let's give them a forum
they could answer their own questions
um you know a lot of the marketing
automation platforms do it hubspot has
community market has community
there's a lot of other communities like
are you a personal fan of them or how do
you think about them
i don't mean it so much but i think it
really largely depends as well like on
on your business model and how you want
to like foster conversations between
your users i think that more
more often than not some of the like the
younger sas companies are finding
more innovative ways to do it rather
than i think the traditional communities
yeah
of the past um where that requires
obviously moderation and a constant
oversight and and that could be i think
something in and of itself that in many
ways is almost not related
you know to to the support uh to support
part of it so
um you know i'm really more like you're
gonna hear me being more vocal on on
what you said earlier with uh that
ticket you mentioned from marketo like
don't forget that when that ticket what
you sent meets the agent right
that knowledge needs to play in there
it's not only what your customers see
it's also what your agency and
and give them knowledge that they need
in order to best serve your customers so
that's knowledge right there that's a
classic example of companies struggling
to get the right ai
so that their agents can be the best
that they can be right and we all know
it's so oversaid by now but obviously
like happy agents is happy customers
right they're you're
they're your front lines um to all of
our users and your business so
yeah like that that's going to be where
you're going to hear me being a lot more
vocal about it is
probably in that in that example that
you brought up
yeah no i love that well thank you so
much naomi for for coming on today is
there anything we missed that you want
to hit
no i think we've just uh i i think we've
uh pretty much run through it um
happy for everybody yeah
it's great and i'm happy to be back and
um you know we can always continue the
conversation like i said this is
obviously like an ongoing um thing that
companies are always working towards and
you know we'd love to um hear from
people get feedback as well
and you know check us out at
whatsanswords.com
be great as well to live up to some of
the things that we talked about here
today especially when it comes to
knowledge bases so
um yeah yeah and if folks want to get in
touch with you what's the best way is it
twitter is it email what's the best way
to
to hear more from you linkedin i always
say linkedin so um
that's my i'm super responsive on
linkedin uh
i think it's one of the better ways for
me to like truly meet um
new people from from possibly every
single company i can imagine so i'm
definitely one of those very responsive
people on linkedin
okay i love it well you guys heard it
here thanks again thank you so much for
joining
um for being part of the sastra
community so glad we could
we could finally do a session with you
here you're such a you're such a wealth
of knowledge
on the topic um but we'll definitely
have you back
um i know there was like a some good
some good feedback already so
so thanks again naomi um and it was such
a pleasure
thank you emilia it was great being here
thanks all
you